[DOC] Add documentation of optional custom IDs for ML resources (#12929)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/agentic-memory-apis/create-memory-container.md

Field | Data type | Required/Optional | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`name` | String | Required | The name of the memory container.

> `memory_container_id` | String | Optional | Unique identifier for the memory container. If omitted, OpenSearch auto-generates one. **Introduced 3.9** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`memory_container_id` | String | Optional | A unique identifier for the memory container. If omitted, OpenSearch generates one automatically. |
```
